Saying 'yes' to more opportunities to discover new frontiers! With @k.marksthespot / "Having come back to Montana as a Covid-19 refugee, I found myself on an overnight adventure in Glacier National Park last summer with my dad, an outdoor enthusiast and photographer himself. We arrived during golden hour, hiked up to a lake overlook in time to shoot sunset, then stayed for blue hour and, finally, for the milky way to rise. My love of the outdoors and of photography definitely stems from my dad. Almost all of my childhood memories are of camping trips or hiking in the mountains in Northern Idaho where I was born and then in Northwest Montana when we moved there in 2000.

I am from the Mission Valley and the mountains tower so epically over the valley that it takes my breath away every day. This valley is also part of the Flathead Indian Reservation, which is made up of three tribes, and home to the largest freshwater lake west of the Mississippi river - Flathead Lake. With such beautiful natural wonders all around me in this part of Montana, it is no wonder that most of my photography centers on local spots in this valley. Passing the pandemic here has definitely set me on a new path with regards to my photography. And being able to share my photography passion with my dad and have someone to explore and find new photography spots with was amazing.

Although I have been fortunate to travel quite extensively, I would still tell my younger self to do it even more. It is the greatest school in life and helps to expand your mindset, be flexible and adaptable. Say yes to more opportunities - whether that is to go on more hikes, to travel to new places, to meet new people... just say yes more often!

Being an introvert, I’d also tell my younger self more to put effort into finding friends that share my interests. Finding others to share the passion for photography with has been a real game changer. Photography gives me a way to immortalize these moments that take my breath away, and being able to share this with others, hopefully inspiring them, makes it even better." 🎇 You can read @k.marksthespot's original story by visiting the link in the bio!