There are so many beautiful UK road trips and this is one of my absolute favourites!

Make sure you set aside at least two weeks for this full trip, if you have three weeks then even better as there are so many places to discover along the way!

Make sure you save this south Coast England car trip itinerary 👇

🏰 CORFE CASTLE

A fairytale village with so much history, located in Dorset, castle is the perfect star to Southwest West Coast Drive. Don’t forget to visit Old Harrys rocks whilst you’re there, even better at sunset or sunrise 🌅 

🌊 LULWORTH COVE & DURDLE DOOR

Two of the most famous places to visit on the Jurassic Coast in Dorset, make sure you visit the quintessential village of West Lulworth and have lunch at the pub too! Durdle Door is particularly beautiful at golden hour where you can watch the sky turn pink over this world famous arch.

🏖️ LYME REGIS

The perfect stopover on your way to Devon, Lyme Regis lies on the border between the two counties. It has a lovely town centre with independent stores, as well as amazing views over to West Cliff Bay. If you’re lucky you can grab a spot in one of the colourful beach huts on a sunny day.

🌊 SALCOMBE

One of the best places to visit in Devon, in summertime Salcombe can feel almost tropical with its warm micro climate. It has beautiful beaches, crystal clear water, and some of the best seafood in England!

☀️ ST IVES

Small but beautiful, St Ives is a popular stop on every Cornwall itinerary, sandwiched between two lovely beaches and a stunning fishing harbour. Make sure you grab breakfast on Porthminster Beach which is a short walk away. If you want a full day at the beach I highly recommend nearby Carbis Bay

🏄‍♀️ PERRANPORTH & NEWQUAY

Newquay is the most famous surf town in England, and nearby Perranporth has an amazing long sandy Beach and rock pool! Sometimes here can feel more like Australia than England, especially when the sun is shining. There are so many beautiful day trips you can take from Newquay, such as visiting the wildflowers at Pentire, walking the coastal path to Holywell Bay, or admiring incredible views over Bedruthan Steps