Tintagel Castle ❤ Cornwall UK 
Congrats @sophies.snapshot
The History of Tintagel Castle

A land of Cornish kings

Perched on the north Cornwall coast, Tintagel Castle is one of the most spectacular historic sites in Britain. Its association with King Arthur also makes it one of the most famous.
Yet the history of this enigmatic place stretches back centuries before the fabled king. Journey back 1500 years and Tintagel was a bustling stronghold and trading post, bigger than London at the time. In the 5th to 7th centuries AD, over a hundred buildings sprawled across the island (the ruins of many can be seen today), and its residents enjoyed luxury goods imported from the Mediterranean.
Here on the salt-sprayed clifftops, the people of Tintagel built substantial stone buildings, used fine table wares and feasted on pork, fish, oysters and wine. Experts believe that it was the royal centre of the kingdom of ‘Dumnonia’, a residence of the early Cornish kings.

Where history meets legend

It’s easy to imagine why the clifftop fortress inspired tales of King Arthur. It was Geoffrey of Monmouth who first described the connection, writing his History of the Kings of Britain in the 12th century.
A mixture of fact and fiction, the book described how Arthur was conceived at Tintagel, with the help of Merlin’s enchantments. Ever since, tales of the legendary king and his wizard have swirled around the atmospheric landscape. And today, when the tides allow, visitors can explore Merlin’s Cave on the beach below the castle.

The medieval castle

Geoffrey’s chronicles united history and magic, kindling the fire for the Arthurian legends we know and love. The stories thrilled people across medieval Britain – one of whom was the brother of King Henry III. Around 1233, Richard, Earl of Cornwall eagerly exchanged three of his manors to buy the ‘the island of Tyntagel’ and set about building his castle here.
Set on a precipice along the rocky coast, it was not an easy place to build a castle. The atmospheric fortress stood partly on the mainland and (...)

https://www.visitcornwall.com/about-cornwall/blogging-cornwall/h