"I went into this bike adventure by myself, self isolating. I was challenged everyday to wake up & ride another day. I never thought of quitting! This is the one thing in my life that was able to keep up with me. I was free! My body hurt. I often thought about the Buddha. what it meant for him to sit under the tree. I saw I too was working on myself in such a way that only I had the power to heal everything within me! My mind exhausted from being hyperactive all day everyday. The constant opinions that were never asked for & me never bringing up the bike trip cause it wasn’t for anybody but myself. But when people see you on your bike they come! I realised something so clearly & already understood. When you do something so extreme & out of the box like this the consequences & consistent opinions are extreme! I worked from intuition, logic & my own research, educating myself about what was to come or could happen. The reality I stumbled upon was that so many people speak from lack of experience, education & all second hand information. Most things people said was wrong. It’s funny how the cautious people always have to have an opinion! Only a few understood & knew challenges were necessary for growth! The Nullarbor was the most beautiful, spiritual place I have ever been! My mind quieted down & I became the ride. There was not a day I ever became scared because I trusted that I was prepared enough for anything to happen. Therefore if I heard a sound in complete darkness I would sit up, listen, search & get ready! I became a warrior. Pain sucked but taught me to take as many breaks as possible. I saw so much beauty when I stopped. The ride had no time frame! I became patient. I spoke to myself everyday about how I was feeling to understand who I was! I made sure I was never complacent! Every road train that passed I got off the road & waved. Sometimes I’d be off the road for 20min. I waved at every person who passed me on the opposite side! I did this because when I was feeling horrible (or content) I knew being kind kept my soul strong. Whatever was happening to me was for me!" | Reposted from @soyfuladventures

Use #bikewander to be featured!